<p class="panzoom-ignore"><h2><span class="octicon--log-24 align-middle"></span> Changelog v1.049 (20240309) </h2>3/9/2024<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Monsters Attack Weakest.</li><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Advanced Goblin.</li><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Advanced Skeleton.</li><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Double Wandering Monsters.</li><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Monsters +1 Body Point.</li><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Monsters +1 Mind Point.</li><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Monsters +1 Attack.</li><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Monsters +1 Defense.</li></ul><br>3/6/2024<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Disable Monster Dice Results (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the suggestion).</li><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Disable Auto Focus, on Hero or Monster movement (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the suggestion).</li><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Enable Intangible Furniture (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the suggestion).</li><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Enable Multiple Searches (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the suggestion).</li><li>[FEATURE] New Setting: Enable Manual Monster Movement (in Zargon's Turn) (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the suggestion).</li></ul><br>3/4/2024<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Re-style of all the Interface of hQuestMaster, a big thank you to <b>Squidem0nster</b>!</li><li>[FEATURE] Added Tour System, for Main Page, Hero selection and Quest selection.</li><li>[FEATURE] Add support for missing Chaos/Terror/Dread Spells: Rust, Lightning Bolt and Cloud Of Chaos!</li><li>[FEATURE] Double clicking on a Hero now open a contextual Action Menu, on mobile you can do a Long Tap (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the suggestion).</li><li>[FEATURE] Pressing the Escape button will now automatically close all dialogs (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the suggestion).</li><li>[FEATURE] Footsteps count now only show if a Hero actually moved. (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the suggestion).</li><li>[FEATURE] Added hotkey for the selection of Heroes (1, 2, 3, 4). (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the suggestion).</li><li>[FEATURE] Added movement of Heroes with Keyboard Arrows.</li><li>[FEATURE] Modified behaviour of the tracking of Heroes movements, now steps count will remain until a new Hero is selected, or turn end.</li><li>[FIX] Fixed Wandering Monster style (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the report)</li><li>[FIX] Fixed bug that prevented Monsters in Doorways to be Clicked (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the report).</li><li>[FIX] Zoom Slider was not working as intended on Firefox (thank you <b>silent-arbiter</b> for the report).</li></ul><br>2/12/2024<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added support for tiles from: Kellar's Keep and Return Of The Witch Lord.</li><li>[FEATURE] Added support for homebrew tiles added via hQuestBuilder.</li><li>[FEATURE] Improved QuestDown to support the Iron Door and Wood Door.</li><li>[FEATURE] Added support for custom Icons for NPCs and Monsters.</li><li>[FEATURE] Reorganized Settings dialog, and added volume settings for Background and Effects (need to be implemented in Quests).</li><li>[FEATURE] All tiles are now clickable, which will pop up the name of the tile.</li><li>[FEATURE] Internally reworked the management of the tiles.</li><li>[FIX] Various bug fixes reported by the community.</li></ul><br>1/25/2024<br><ul class="news"><li>[FIX] Fixed position of the Secret Doors: Discovered secret doors are now automatically oriented towards the hero who discovers them.</li></ul><br>1/23/2024<br><ul class="news"><li>[FIX] Various fixes of bugs reported by the community</li></ul><br>1/12/2024<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Renamed Ability in Skills.</li><li>[FEATURE] Added Descriptions also for Skills that was not present because not in need of Zargon automations.</li><li>[FIX] Fixed bug that always caused monsters positioned behind doors to be shown even if still covered by the Fog of War.</li><li>[FIX] Fixed bug related to list of last uploaded quests.</li></ul><br>12/29/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Renamed ON_SEARCH_HIDDENDOOR in ON_SEARCH_SECREDDOORS</li><li>[FEATURE] Renamed ON_SEARCH_TRAP in ON_SEARCH_TRAPS</li><li>[FEATURE] Renamed ON_SEARCH_TREASURE in ON_SEARCH_TREASURES</li></ul><br>12/28/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added icon for Hero: Monk.</li></ul><br>12/23/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] On Zargon's turn, the monster performing the current action (movement or attack) is highlighted with a yellow border</li></ul><br>12/22/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added icons for Heroes: Bard, Druid, Knight, Rogue, Warlock.</li><li>[FEATURE] Added Support for Ability cards of the new Heroes (Bard, Druid, Knight, Rogue, Warlock), that require Zargon's automations!</li></ul><br>12/1/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Lots of improvements on ON_SERACH_* Events, and other events.</li><li>[FEATURE] Support for multiple events for single Mark.</li><li>[FEATURE] Added support for Repeated trigger for many events, with optional parameter :REPEAT or :R</li><li>[FIX] Various bug fix and improvements (thank you Agorg for the reports!)</li></ul><br>10/13/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Improved quest selection page, to show Introduction and Author of the quests.</li></ul><br>10/12/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FIX] Completely reworked QuestDown core system, to correctly mantain the execution order in case of multiple actions.</li><li>[FIX] Reworked parser for IF and ASK to, to corretly manage annidiated IF and ASK.</li></ul><br>8/23/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added new Option in the Settings to disable the alerts for place/'update position' of heroes, monsters, and objects.</li></ul><br>8/22/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added new events ON_SEARCH_TRAP, ON_SEARCH_HIDDENDOOR, ON_END_FIRSTHERO_ ON_END_ALLHEROES, ON_SINGLE_HERO_DEATH, ON_ALL_HERO_DEATH.</li></ul><br>8/17/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added buttons to "Kill" and "Bring back to Life" a Hero.</li><li>[FEATURE] Small improvements in all system messages, adding colors for Hero and Monster Names.</li></ul><br>8/16/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added support QuestDown syntax: Added Chaos/Terror Spells for Monsters defined with MONSTER_ON.</li></ul><br>8/11/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added support QuestDown syntax in Wandering Monster field of hQuestBuilder.</li></ul><br>8/10/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added support in QuestDown Syntax: for new action ADD_MONSTER, to do dynamically add a monster at a cell position.</li></ul><br>8/9/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FIX] If during a quest was added a NPC, it would disappear after a realod of the app.</li><li>[FIX] The status applied by Spells was lost after a reload of the app.</li></ul><br>8/8/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added support in QuestDown Syntax: for new action IF, to do conditional checkings.</li><li>[FEATURE] Added support in QuestDown Syntax: for SET &amp; GET, to save information in Variables, and then use them with GET with the new IF action</li><li>[FEATURE] Added support in QuestDown Syntax: for RND to generate a Random number to be used with IF.</li><li>[FEATURE] Added support in QuestDown Syntax: for TURN to get the current turn count be used with IF.</li><li>[FEATURE] Now in the "Zargon Turn" button, is also show the current turn number.</li><li>[FEATURE] Added support in QuestDown Syntax: for new starting event HIDE_ON to hide an object (Furniture, Block, Door) at the beginning of the quest.</li><li>[FEATURE] Added support in QuestDown Syntax: for new action HIDE to hide an object: Furniture, Block, Door.</li><li>[FEATURE] Added support in QuestDown Syntax: for new action SHOW to show an hidden object: Furniture, Block, Door) hidden with HIDE_ON or HIDDEN.</li></ul><br>8/7/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added support in QuestDown Syntax: for individual starting position for each Hero, with START().</li><li>[FEATURE] Added support in QuestDown Syntax: for MOVE_HERO, MOVE_MONSTER and MOVE_OBJ to move respectly Heroes, Monsters and Furniture &amp; all Objects</li></ul><br>8/5/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FIX] A triggered Spear trap was not removed correctly after a reload of the map.</li><li>[FIX] When 2 Doors (or Secret Doors) was on the same cell, you could open only one.</li><li>[FIX] Genie spell in case of 2 Doors (or Secret Doors) on the same cell, was not working correctly.</li></ul><br>7/15/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added button to toggle FullScreen mode.</li></ul><br>7/14/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FIX] Added a message to "Update monster position", when a monster move but cannot attack.</li><li>[FEATURE] In the monster card, added the label "Damages".</li><li>[FEATURE] Added pulsing red effect for dice rolled result "Skull"</li></ul><br>7/13/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Added step-count also on tiles when moving a Hero.</li><li>[FEATURE] Forming a Party, now you can choose the style (EU, USA, HQ21) for the hero icon.</li></ul><br>7/12/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FIX] Rewritten movement to fix the case of "pass through another hero.</li><li>[FIX] On any kind of Search, show alert if there are monsters in line of sight of the selected Hero.</li><li>[FIX] All heroes are now allowed to search in one room, but only the first hero trigger the ON_SEARCH_TREASURE event.</li><li>[FIX] Wandering monster, now attack in the same turn that come into play.</li></ul><br>7/10/2023<br><ul class="news"><li>[FEATURE] Now from Settings you can choose your preferred style (EU, USA, HQ21) for Tiles and Monsters</li></ul><br></p>
